Trump has urged Republicans to focus on the substance in the impeachment inquiry, not the process.

I can confirm our focus will continue to be on the President’s own words and misconduct.
 
Glad we all agree. https://t.co/bxJuEFSWPx
The House just voted to recognize the Armenian Genocide – a vote I fought for 19 years to make possible, that tens of thousands of my Armenian American constituents have waited decades to see.

We will not be party to genocide denial. We will not be silent. We will never forget. https://t.co/R8Ex2lqYEb
RT @KimKardashian: Today, the House of Representatives is voting on H.RES. 296 which would recognize the #ArmenianGenocide. This is persona…RT @Today, the House of Representatives is voting on H.RES. 296 which would recognize the #ArmenianGenocide. This is personal for me, and millions of Armenians who descended from genocide survivors. Call Congress and tell them it’s time to act! https://t.co/SymQZNYPg1
Mr. President, 

I’m grateful to our armed forces and intelligence professionals who did such a brilliant job of eliminating this brutal terrorist from the battlefield, and focused on the continuing fight against ISIS.

I would encourage you to do the same. https://t.co/3XcmmYja9L
This week, we're voting to establish the format for open hearings that will be conducted as part of the impeachment inquiry.

The American people will hear firsthand about the President's misconduct.
Nearly 50 Republicans can participate in the depositions.

They have seen the call record and heard Mulvaney’s admission of the President’s abuse of power. They heard testimony from Bill Taylor and others.

Republicans can spuriously attack the process. While we expose the truth. https://t.co/iSXB4cvZ0I
I understand why Trump doesn’t want more witnesses testifying.

But I can’t understand why my GOP colleagues are enabling his obstruction.

Where is their duty to this institution?
 
Where is their duty to the Constitution?
 
Where is their respect for the rule of law? https://t.co/mXuLQxJ6mK
The death of ISIS leader al-Baghdadi is great news. A bloodthirsty killer has been brought to justice.

Our profound thanks to the brave service members and intel officers involved.

This is not the end of ISIS and the struggle will go on.

But with one less murderous thug. https://t.co/gJf00rWGjX
The White House’s stonewall continues to crumble.

A judge just confirmed the House has a right to Mueller grand jury materials. 

No one is above the law. https://t.co/RgDuB9hpK0
This has been years in the making, thanks to the tireless advocacy of those who insisted the US must never be a party to genocide denial. I hope all Members join me next week in voting to recognize the Armenian Genocide.
 
We will never forget, and we will never be silent. https://t.co/odfT1CGb2N
Ever since the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act in 2013, far too many Americans—especially people of color, students and low income voters—have had their voting rights under attack. The right to vote is foundational to all other rights. We’re fighting to protect it. https://t.co/xzkjTRED8c
Today, Laura Cooper did her lawful duty and answered questions from both parties.

She did so notwithstanding efforts by the President to stop her, and when those failed, efforts by his GOP allies in Congress to do the same.

We will not be deterred from revealing the truth. https://t.co/8BMiFZa0gf
The emoluments clause isn't "phony" — it’s in the Constitution.

He is not "in charge of the Hatch Act." It's been the law since 1939, to prevent federal employees from using their offices for partisan activities.

President Trump is not above the law. https://t.co/OsqjzRcDqT
Ambassador Taylor went to West Point, served in Vietnam, and left retirement to take this assignment at Secretary Pompeo’s request. 

Far from being a “radical unelected bureaucrat waging war on the Constitution,” he proved today to be among its most staunch defenders. https://t.co/vB6csEs40Z
Trump's Chief of Staff admitted military aid was withheld from an ally to get their help with an investigation, which could help Trump politically.
 
When challenged with this quid pro quo, Mulvaney said it happens all the time.

"Get over it," he said.

Never.
The impeachment inquiry began less than a month ago. We've already learned:
 
➡️ Trump pressed Ukraine to investigate a political rival.
 
➡️ He used the State Dept for personal, political gain.
 
➡️ He withheld military aid to Ukraine while seeking their help politically. https://t.co/jIa6dhz35o
It will be said of House Republicans,

When they found they lacked the courage to confront the most dangerous and unethical president in American history,

They consoled themselves by attacking those who did.
In 1950, a courageous Republican Senator asked whether her party would rely on a strategy of “fear, ignorance, bigotry and smear.”

As the New York Times writes, that question has presented itself again. 

How will today’s GOP answer?

https://t.co/OS7dauVzeR
Several years ago, I began the push to fund an Early Earthquake Warning System for the west coast. Now that system has become a reality.

In the event of a major earthquake, even a few seconds of advance warning can make all the difference.

Learn more and download the app today: https://t.co/LlDp5LjpPH
The emoluments clause exists because foreign influence was a top concern for the Founders.
 
But you don't have to take my word for it.

Let Fox News explain what the emoluments clause is — and why hosting a global summit at Trump's resort violates it: https://t.co/8QNjjT3X2e
Mulvaney just said that U.S. military aid for Ukraine was held up pending Ukraine’s investigation of Democrats.

Things just went from very, very bad to much, much worse. https://t.co/HSVtX9yOBg
Elijah Cummings was the heart and soul of our caucus, a dignified leader with a voice that could move mountains. 

He was our moral and ethical North Star. Now we will be guided by his powerful memory and incomparable legacy. 

Rest In Peace, my friend.
Mr. President, Turkey’s offensive in Syria has a lot to do with us, since it was prompted by your decision to withdraw our troops.
 
The slaughter of our Kurdish allies, the release of ISIS fighters and the risk that ISIS resurges are grave threats to American national security. https://t.co/8FLKuxOglF
Here are the actual facts:

Republican Members and their counsel are present for all committee depositions and hearings and have the same opportunity to ask questions of all the witnesses as the Majority.
 
And rest assured, the public will learn the facts. https://t.co/5dheNUrumn
The Office of Management and Budget, State Department and the DOD have failed to comply with Congressional subpoenas.

Despite this unprecedented obstruction, we’ve uncovered significant evidence of Trump’s abuse of power. 

And we’ll continue to expose the truth.
Syria is complicated, but this is simple. 

A week ago, our Kurdish partners were secure, ISIS was at bay, and hundreds of their fighters were detained.

Then the President talked to Erdogan late one night, and disaster was unleashed.

Now we’re scrambling to contain the damage. https://t.co/fHW6tmcElz
The text messages we’ve obtained show that the White House meeting desperately sought by Ukraine was conditioned on a “deliverable” - a sham investigation into a Trump 2020 rival.

That alone is a terrible abuse of power. We intend to find out how much deeper that abuse goes. https://t.co/Lgf3qotowH
President Trump's capitulation to Erdogan over Syria is an unmitigated disaster and may lead to a resurgence of ISIS.
 
Trump's impulsive decision to withdraw our forces and betray our Kurdish allies has done incalculable damage to our national security and standing in the world. https://t.co/PY9j0afh7k
We know Trump pressured Ukraine for dirt on a political opponent - we have the call record. That alone is damning.

And we know from released text messages, Trump associates sought to condition a White House meeting and maybe more on Ukraine’s “deliverable.”

The work continues. https://t.co/TDgJvmX5lv
This is an important victory for @OversightDems—and the Constitution.
 
A Federal Appeals Court upheld a Congressional subpoena for the President's financial records.
 
Congress is a co-equal branch of government. No president is above the law. https://t.co/FSA4Uv0lbr
I commend Ambassador Yovanovitch for her decades of service to our country, at posts across the world. 

She upheld the rule of law in Ukraine, and did so again at home by testifying today.
 
We hope and expect other public servants to do the same. https://t.co/8ih7MRZ86x
We are moving methodically but expeditiously to uncover how the President used the levers of his office to press Ukraine to investigate a political opponent.
 
Today, we subpoenaed Energy Secretary Rick Perry for documents. Americans deserve to learn all of the facts. https://t.co/qpYTNc0sZ1
Weeks ago we requested info from two Giuliani associates, Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman.
 
They reportedly worked with Giuliani to pressure Ukraine for dirt on Trump's opponents.
 
Today we subpoenaed both for key documents. https://t.co/0ZygSnLzh1
European nations are some of our closest allies. Our security is intertwined.
 
If Trump's impulsive capitulation to Erdogan leads to a resurgence of ISIS, it threatens everyone- in Syria, in Europe, and here at home.

America may not have a friend left after this presidency. https://t.co/tynUkuSzUR
The White House’s desperate effort to cover up and conceal won't deter Congress from exposing the facts:
 
Trump abused his power and endangered our national security.
 
We have the call record. We have the texts. The evidence of his grave misconduct only grows.
The White House says there is nothing wrong with pressuring a foreign government to intervene in a US election.

They say: they will not cooperate with an impeachment inquiry unless it’s on their terms.

They mean: the President is above the law.

The Constitution says otherwise. https://t.co/fstH1bGT4Y
Wishing an easy fast and meaningful period of reflection to all those observing Yom Kippur. G'mar Chatima Tovah!
Trump prevented a key witness from testifying today.

Ambassador Sondland participated in conversations and texts about whether a White House meeting and military aid were conditioned on Ukraine’s willingness to help Trump politically.
 
America deserves answers, not obstruction. https://t.co/uDE2rPZnMO
Ten bipartisan former White House Chiefs of Staff, from Presidents Reagan to Obama, agree:
 
A president must never solicit political help from a foreign nation.
 
This is not a partisan issue. This is about the sanctity of our elections and our democracy. https://t.co/IRxMUV6o12
The President's Syria announcement is, like much of his foreign policy, impulsive and dangerous.
 
This decision endangers U.S. forces, Kurdish partners, allied forces, and hard won gains against ISIS. It will hearten our adversaries, and undermine the confidence of our allies. https://t.co/pK8okpQ26z
It's appalling that an American reporter was harassed by a federal employee while reentering our country, and it’s happened before. This must be investigated and corrective action taken.

Reporters aren’t the enemy of the people, they’re a foundation of our democracy. https://t.co/OQZ1rAYEQw
This is simple.
 
It’s not about the whistleblower or the complaint.
 
It’s not about Democrats. Or me.
 
It’s about a damning call in which the President pressured a foreign power to investigate a political rival, harming national security.
 
It’s about our democracy.
It comes down to this.

We’ve cut through the denials. The deflections. The nonsense.

Donald Trump believes he can pressure a foreign nation to help him politically. It’s his “right.”

Every Republican in Congress has to decide: Is he right? https://t.co/DpftzJ0ydN
After receiving a trove of important documents from the first of the state department witnesses, my fellow chairs and I highlight some of those deserving of the most attention and what is at stake.

Read them here:

https://t.co/kirRyA2pF1
The President's continued attacks on the whistleblower are an incitement to violence — and a threat to our democracy.

Let's be clear: the whistleblower did everything right. They followed all appropriate laws and procedures. And they have every legal right to remain anonymous. https://t.co/zyCOsmWmFI
The President cannot use the power of his office to pressure foreign leaders to investigate his political opponents.

His rant this morning reinforces the urgency of our work.
 
America is a Republic, if we can keep it. https://t.co/9KDCx1hVjs
The President shouldn't need to be told it is illegal to shoot unarmed people, many of them women and children. The mere suggestion is profoundly immoral and wrong.
 
Trump's cruelty towards migrants will be a stain on our nation, not easily removed. This is not who we are. https://t.co/xb5CtgGh6F
It's hard to imagine a scenario more concerning to our Founders than this:

A president using the power of his office to press a foreign leader for dirt on a political opponent.

But we have a system of checks and balances. And we will hold this President accountable. https://t.co/mPihdEPtUz
When a whistleblower seeks guidance, staff advises them to get counsel and go to an IG.

That’s what they’re supposed to do.

Unlike a president pressing a foreign leader to dig up dirt on a political opponent.

That’s not what a president is supposed to do.

And we all know it. https://t.co/dzVAFGpMen
One year has passed since the brutal murder of @washingtonpost columnist Jamal Khashoggi. Our determination to hold his killers to account remains unwavering.
 
I will continue to fight for press freedom in Jamal's memory and for all journalists who face threats across the globe. https://t.co/8LOHHZLqGu
RT @SpeakerPelosi: Over the past week, we’ve learned a great deal about @realDonaldTrump’s abuses of power &amp; betrayal of his oath of office…RT @Over the past week, we’ve learned a great deal about @realDonaldTrump’s abuses of power &amp; betrayal of his oath of office. #TruthExposed https://t.co/J28dwDVNnZ
Any effort by Sec. Pompeo to intimidate or prevent witnesses from testifying will add to evidence that the Trump Admin is obstructing Congress. 

Given Pompeo's own potential role in the affair, it will also create the inference that he is trying to cover up illicit activity. https://t.co/rtniky524i
As I join Jewish families across the country in celebrating Rosh Hashanah, I want to send my best wishes for a happy and healthy New Year.

L’shanah Tovah!
It has been a momentous, and somber, week for our nation. 

Tune in tonight to @60Minutes at 7:30 pm to learn the latest developments of the Ukraine investigation and the House impeachment inquiry. I'll explain what we know so far - and what we can expect to happen next. https://t.co/yj5JjrVLuC
We had no choice but to move forward with an impeachment inquiry,

And our focus will be on the president’s fundamental breach of his oath office.

Coercing a foreign nation to interfere in our election is never ok,

No matter what the president and his defenders say. https://t.co/sYPWAL75mm
We’ll conduct a complete investigation to hold this president accountable.

But what we’ve already seen in his call is damning.

Trump tried to coerce a foreign leader to make up dirt on his opponent and interfere in our election.

Violating his oath and undermining our security. https://t.co/iHTXPw9zmI
Trump may not be concerned that Russia interfered in our last election to help his campaign, but patriotic Americans feel otherwise.

He may not see any difference between Russia’s interference in our election and America’s promotion of democracy abroad.

But patriots do. https://t.co/3gdC9M80Hq
The whistleblower told us:

- Trump pressured Ukraine to manufacture dirt on Biden. Confirmed.

- Military aid to Ukraine was held up for unknown reasons. Also right.

- Call records were hidden away in a classified system. Yup.

No wonder the IG found the whistleblower credible.
I want to thank the whistleblower for coming forward, and for their courage.

I urge others to do so as well – notwithstanding the threats and intimidation. 

Our democracy depends on it. https://t.co/i3BDFrVEgE
The consensus of national security experts is clear: President Trump’s actions concerning Ukraine endanger America's security.

By subjugating the national interest to his own political interest, Trump has shown he is incapable and unwilling to fulfill his oath of office. https://t.co/8NttxkhDl2
You engaged in a shakedown to get election dirt from a foreign country.

And then you tried to cover it up.

But you’re right about one thing — your words need no mockery. Your own words and deeds mock themselves.

But most importantly here, they endanger our country. https://t.co/Qha74pwW8m
Democracy does not mean that you can use military aid as leverage over another country to secure help in an election.

In fact, it is the very negation of democracy.

Oversight, accountability, protections for whistleblowers— 

This is the stuff of democracy. https://t.co/jnpDEvnA2e
The President’s suggestion that those involved in the whisteblower complaint should be dealt with as "we used to do" for "spies and treason" is a reprehensible invitation to violence against witnesses in our investigation.

All Americans must denounce such witness intimidation. https://t.co/cTQQXdbGsa
Maguire received an urgent and credible whistleblower complaint directly implicating the President.

He didn't provide it to Congress as required. He consulted the White House, the subject of the complaint.

The same WH the complaint alleges sought to conceal Trump's misconduct. https://t.co/IM3CFja99k
The presidential oath of office requires the President of the United States to do two things:

Faithfully execute his or her office, and protect and defend the Constitution.

The whistleblower complaint and call record provide the most graphic evidence yet Trump has done neither. https://t.co/4Nqs3NxkrV
This complaint should never have been withheld, and it provides a roadmap for our investigation.

We will do everything we can to protect this courageous whistleblower.

The public has a right to see the complaint and what it reveals.

Read it here:

https://t.co/B0DrqDt4MS
The transcript of the call reads like a classic mob shakedown:

– We do a lot for Ukraine
– There’s not much reciprocity
– I have a favor to ask
– Investigate my opponent
– My people will be in touch
 
Nice country you got there.

It would be a shame if something happened to her.
The day after Mueller testified to the Trump campaign’s embrace of Russian help in the 2016 election,
 
Trump abused the power of his office by pressuring Ukraine to manufacture dirt on a political rival.
 
It’s a gross abuse of his office. And a danger to national security. https://t.co/F7Owu9WW0Q
It’s bad enough Trump sought help from a foreign power in the last election.

It’s worse still that he obstructed the investigation into his misconduct.

Now he‘s admitted using his office to coerce another country to interfere in 2020.

I fully support the impeachment inquiry.
We have been informed by the whistleblower’s counsel that their client would like to speak to our committee and has requested guidance from the Acting DNI as to how to do so.

We‘re in touch with counsel and look forward to the whistleblower’s testimony as soon as this week.
RT @RepAdamSchiff: @GOPLeader Actually Kevin, Mueller's report confirmed that in 2016, the Trump campaign had multiple contacts with Russia…RT @@GOPLeader Actually Kevin, Mueller's report confirmed that in 2016, the Trump campaign had multiple contacts with Russians, welcomed their help, &amp; then lied to cover it up. See for yourself: https://t.co/eIiZkj6AcO

I don’t know what's in the whistleblower report.

But I intend to find out.
@GOPLeader Actually Kevin, Mueller's report confirmed that in 2016, the Trump campaign had multiple contacts with Russians, welcomed their help, &amp; then lied to cover it up. See for yourself: https://t.co/eIiZkj6AcO

I don’t know what's in the whistleblower report.

But I intend to find out.
Thanks to @OversightDems and others, we've learned a lot about how Trump enriches himself at taxpayer expense.

But we deserve to know the full picture of Trump’s corrupt self-dealing.

I just introduced legislation to disclose ALL federal spending at Trump's properties: https://t.co/LsWbSEpHXo
Greta Thunberg, at 16 years old, has more courage and moral clarity on climate change than an entire room full of world leaders. 
 
The science is clear. Her anger is justified. If we do not act now to protect our planet, the consequences will be dire. https://t.co/q8zk39seKA
An explicit quid pro quo isn’t required to betray your country.

It’s enough to abuse power for personal gain.

Giuliani doing it is bad enough. Trump is a different matter.

It’s one thing when it’s done by the court jester, and another when done by the man who would be King. https://t.co/DC4LfA0sGw
If there's nothing wrong with Trump's call with the Ukrainian President, as he claims, why won’t he release the transcript?

If there's nothing to implicate Trump in the whistleblower complaint, why won’t they release it to Congress?

Clearly, they’re afraid. We must see both. https://t.co/vUJyknPaWK
Any effort by Trump to pressure a foreign government to dig up dirt on his political opponent, while holding up vital military aid to that country, is both corrupt and a grave threat to American interests.

No explicit quid pro quo is necessary to betray your country. https://t.co/SoJFFOLV1g
Whistleblower protections are sacrosanct in our democracy, Mr. President.

Your attack against a whistleblower increases the chance that corruption goes unreported, and heightens risk of an illegal reprisal.

We will do everything we can to protect this, and every, whistleblower. https://t.co/0HP4FC8cQ3
The Inspector General found a whistleblower complaint alleging serious misconduct to be not only credible, but urgent.

Yet the Acting DNI has withheld that complaint from Congress on the basis of potential privilege. He’s wrong.

There's no privilege to be corrupt. https://t.co/80US0rdSJv
Trump said Mexico would pay for the wall. We knew that wasn’t true.

Now, military families are paying the price. Crumbling schools, dangerous work conditions, exposure to asbestos—

These are just some of the costs of Trump’s broken promises, and for what? A wall to nowhere. https://t.co/zdJr2NRIdB
While Trump launches an all-out assault on the environment, rolling back protections for endangered species, our water, and our air —

California remains steadfast. We will not allow our natural resources to be tarnished for generations to come.
 
Not on our watch. https://t.co/gF7kKGouss
Under the White House legal theory, witnesses are immune from subpoena if they have:

- Worked for the President (or not) 
- When he was President (or not)
- About conversations the President was in (or not)

Wrong. Corruption isn't a privilege. And compliance isn't voluntary. https://t.co/lMPG2bSb9a
DOJ argues that Congress can’t see if the evidence warrants impeachment until it’s voted to impeach him — and not even then.

The legal term for that reasoning is called “ass-backwards.”

It would make Trump unindictable, unimpeachable, and essentially untouchable.

He isn’t. https://t.co/MHLjtoe2GL
No Director of National Intelligence has ever refused to turn over a whistleblower complaint the IG determined to be urgent and credible.

There is no privilege to engage in misconduct; not under this president, or any other.

That’s why I issued a subpoena and will enforce it. https://t.co/pWg4MsOlwD
From initiating investigations urged by Trump,

To threatening auto companies who dare embrace cleaner air than Trump,

To twisting the law to serve and protect Trump,

We see the slow unraveling of a once proud Department of Justice –

And the interests of justice along with it. https://t.co/fzPFSMR4LN
Homelessness in America is a crisis, and there’s no simple solution. But this much is simple: Every person deserves a safe and dignified space to call home.

If Trump's sudden interest is genuine, there's plenty he can do to make a difference.
As @LAMayor wrote, "homeless Americans share one thing in common — trauma." Rather than criminalizing homelessness, the President could increase funding for mental health and substance abuse treatment programs.
I also recently introduced a bill — H.R. 4239, the Affordable Housing Incentive Act — which creates tax incentives for property owners who sell to public housing agencies, thereby increasing the stock of affordable housing options.

Mr. President, I'd love to have your support.
At the federal level, the President could announce his support for @RepMaxineWaters' bill — H.R. 1856, the Ending Homelessness Act of 2019 — which would provide $13.7 billion in emergency relief funding to address homelessness.

But so far, he's been silent on this bill.
Rather than launching partisan attacks on California cities, Trump could learn from leaders and community groups on the front lines of addressing homelessness.

In fact, Los Angeles recently approved the two largest anti-homelessness ballot measures in American history.
One obvious place to start: stop making the problem worse by asking for billions in cuts to @HUDgov's affordable housing programs, and to safety net programs that can make the difference for families living on the edge.
It seems the President has developed a sudden concern for the homelessness crisis. I'm glad he wants to help.

Instead of floating nonsensical and possibly illegal concepts about rounding up people experiencing homelessness and warehousing them, here are some other suggestions: https://t.co/pK8Zdu9wrC
On North Korea, Iran and Afghanistan, Trump’s foreign policy has been characterized by superficial posturing and whiplash-inducing course changes.

Firing Bolton is only the latest dysfunction.

A new National Security Advisor will not solve the problem – that comes from the top. https://t.co/xeqyhpeowt
All Americans deserve quality, affordable health insurance. We can’t afford to move backwards, but we are — the share of insured Americans has declined for the first time in a decade.

And the Trump Admin is still in court trying to rip away care from millions more. https://t.co/cvmZ2Bio5J
18 years have passed since 9/11, but our memories of that terrible day will never fade, and we will never forget the thousands who lost their lives.
 
Today, we remember the courage of the first responders and the resilient spirit of our nation as we stood united against evil.
.@GOPLeader asks, what difference does it make if the federal government is forced to patronize Trump’s hotel versus a hotel that doesn’t enrich him?

Showing once again that you’re more likely to get bed bugs following Kevin McCarthy’s advice than sound ethics. https://t.co/Xf9ZmxJBG2
From the beginning, I felt John Bolton lacked the judgment and temperament to be National Security Advisor.
 
Nothing he did in the job persuaded me otherwise.
 
The only question about his replacement is the same after all Trump resignations:

Will we go from bad to worse?
When Rudy Giuliani was asked about using his role as Trump’s personal lawyer to interfere in foreign affairs to help Trump politically, his answer was, “So what?”

If anyone can sum up the arrogance, immorality and lawlessness of the Trump presidency, it’s Rudy Giuliani. https://t.co/rN485e3lIL
While his personal lawyer Rudy Giuliani pressures Ukraine to interfere in the 2020 campaign, Trump withholds vital aid Ukraine needs to defend against Russia.

Yet again, Trump puts his interest above the national interest.

We are launching an investigation into this scheme: https://t.co/Aushc16nZP
Negotiations to end America’s longest war are not a reality show, and an ill-prepared summit — as with North Korea — was not the answer. Let the diplomats do their work.

Any peace deal must meaningfully ensure Afghanistan is never again a platform for terrorists who threaten us. https://t.co/sKbMUIvYJI
At community colleges across America, millions of students struggle with food insecurity, and are forced to make difficult decisions like missing class or dropping out to work more.

I introduced the #Food4ThoughtAct to help ensure that hunger is not a barrier to student success: https://t.co/FyykH29Qah
If you believe the DOD just randomly decided to start spending nights at a luxury golf course in Scotland, well, Donald Trump has a rapidly depreciating asset to sell you.

Taxpayers aren’t responsible for bailing out Trump’s failing businesses.

The corruption is in plain sight. https://t.co/Ibrs1m5OkV
It's not enough for the Trump Admin to roll back Obama-era regulations on car emissions. Now, they seek to punish automakers who worked with California to keep our air clean for everyone.

Once again, Barr shows that his Justice Dept. works for President Trump, not the people. https://t.co/ZGZHYUSaVQ
After the El Paso shooting, Walmart has decided it will stop selling military-grade ammunition.
 
Business decisions can have an enormous impact on public safety, and executives have a responsibility to keep our communities safe.

Your activism works. https://t.co/SXuRL9oOek
Trump promised Mexico would pay for his wall.

He didn't say military families would pay. Or the cadets at West Point. Or that we'd pay in military readiness.

No, he promised taxpayers would never pay the bill for his xenophobic vanity project.

Promises made. Promises broken. https://t.co/MHLxVqGCeg
The shooter tried to buy a gun from a registered dealer, but failed the background check. So he bought the gun in a private sale, no background check required. Then he shot 30 people, killing 7.

Could there be a more compelling case for why we need universal background checks? https://t.co/MCMmUbvBwP
The right to collectively bargain. A livable wage. Equal pay for equal work.

On #LaborDay, we thank those who fought to improve worker's rights and recognize the progress we must still achieve.

Today and every day, we commit to building an economy that works for everyone. https://t.co/XRhZ0q77HP
As we continue to monitor devastating reports from Santa Cruz Island, where more than thirty are still unaccounted for in a fatal boat fire, our thoughts are with the victims and their families, as well as the first responders working tirelessly to find and rescue those on board. https://t.co/JcSOxgwxE9
To all those in Dorian’s path: we're with you, we're praying for your safety, and we stand ready to help in your recovery.

As Hurricane Dorian nears Florida, Georgia, and the Carolinas, my thoughts are with everyone who is bracing for this dangerous storm. https://t.co/eIYA4bpISM
The FEC was already struggling to police the flood of money in our elections. 

Effectively shutting it down in the midst of the 2020 elections is the worst form of malpractice.

This will only benefit those who use money to corrupt our politics, both foreign and domestic. https://t.co/TmOb1LwAZn
Each time we think we've seen the depths of Trump's cruelty towards migrants, he hits a new low.
 
Deporting people who are receiving lifesaving medical treatment is appalling.
 
This rule is a death sentence for seriously ill migrants — and our values. https://t.co/W8wazMUEWs
Methane poses such a threat to our atmosphere that even major oil companies are calling on Trump to tighten regulations — not dismantle them.

Yet Trump ignores scientists, expert advisers — even big corporations. His goal is simple: undo everything Obama did, no matter the cost. https://t.co/cwZdKAlixS
Trump is withholding vital military aid to Ukraine, while his personal lawyer seeks help from the Ukraine government to investigate his political opponent.

It doesn’t take a stable genius to see the magnitude of this conflict.

Or how destructive it is to our national security. https://t.co/X4yhTS2q1Z
Trump allegedly encouraged federal officials to break the law by promising pardons.

But there are limits to the pardon power. This invitation to lawlessness exceeds them. 

They‘ll be held accountable, if not by this Justice Department, then by the next one.

And by history. https://t.co/9tkOX67Ycs
We’re experiencing more natural disasters than ever before. Climate change is only making them more deadly. 

Now, President Trump is taking critical money from FEMA to further his cruel anti-immigration agenda.

This is contrary to our values and interests, and endangers us all. https://t.co/t9oKoeaCbV
Trump makes official visits to his own properties and rents rooms to foreign governments.
 
Now, he even proposes a global summit at his Florida resort. And suggests that a “neutral” search identified it as the best venue.
 
There is no limit to his greed — or mendacity. https://t.co/dTrtiJozFx
Trump has been busy stoking economic instability and division

While House Democrats have been busy passing bills to:

☑️Lower health care costs
☑️Raise wages
☑️Secure our elections
☑️Prevent gun violence
☑️Combat climate change

Mitch McConnell? He’s been busy doing ... nothing.
The situation in Kashmir remains deeply concerning, with thousands of civilians still detained without charges and with no access to the outside world. 

Fundamental human rights like free speech and access to information must be protected. https://t.co/pD1Ouvkqm4
Yet again, Trump’s campaign wants foreign help to win an election.

Giuliani is Trump’s personal lawyer, acting on his behalf, in his campaign’s interest.

Their goal now is the same as 2016: Get dirt on a political opponent.

But this time, they can't plead ignorance of the law. https://t.co/qOQQSaJP5O
As long as we are claiming constitutional powers we don't have, I hereby order the President to stop tweeting.
Russia was kicked out of the G8 because they invaded and annexed part of Ukraine.

Then Russia attacked US elections. They used chemical weapons in the UK.

Now Trump wants to let them back in.

Why reward their behavior?
 
Sometimes the simplest answer is the right one:

💲 https://t.co/71rRyoB5fP
The Trump Admin is intent on making cruelty to immigrants their legacy. 
 
They’re now seeking to detain families, including young children, indefinitely in inhumane conditions.
 
The courts should block it. And people of decency and conscience should denounce it. https://t.co/apa3fKdmnP
Pathetic. 
https://t.co/pYNJRlRTPN
Mr. President, you clearly know very little about people of my faith.

We believe politicizing religious belief like this is dangerous and wrong.

We value vigorous debate about difficult issues, not ignorance and bigotry.

We value basic human decency. An American value. Try it. https://t.co/JXOR1Xi0F6
The Trump Administration is making it harder and more costly for countless women to receive care by going after Planned Parenthood. 
 
Their new rule will reduce access to birth control, cancer screenings, and reproductive choice.

Only the latest front in the war on health care. https://t.co/A1XvCXdT5g
Social media platforms and the U.S. government must continue to identify and combat state-backed information operations online, whether they’re aimed at disrupting our elections or undermining peaceful protesters who seek freedom and democracy.
Twitter and Facebook announced they found and removed a large network of Chinese government-backed accounts spreading disinformation about the protests in Hong Kong.

This is just one example of how authoritarian regimes use social media to manipulate people, at home and abroad. https://t.co/PB2W4iehxr
As Trump has alienated so many of our key allies, and brought low our standing in the world,

Congress must stand up.

Was proud to join Nancy Pelosi at the Munich Security Conference and champion human rights.

Showing leadership when the president won’t. That’s @SpeakerPelosi. https://t.co/I9VExhAAxW
The El Paso attack by a white supremacist is only the most recent in a growing trend of domestic terror, fueled by racism and hate.

It’s time for the law to catch up. We should create a narrowly-tailored domestic terrorism law that protects civil liberties.

Here's my bill: https://t.co/4e8B7SADVm
The Trump Administration’s management of the federal government is rife with incompetence, paranoia and politicization. The damage at the State Department will be felt for decades, but more importantly, so will the damage to America’s security and standing in the world. https://t.co/cn9oIyxx3Z
Not content to provoke division at home, Trump now enlists our allies to do so abroad.

Denying Reps. Omar and Tlaib entry to Israel and the West Bank is short-sighted and wrong.

Israel does itself no favors by allowing itself to be used in Trump’s poisonous electioneering. https://t.co/LabdDp1pgC
This video is a testament to the rapid advancement of deepfake technology.

But beneath the humor, the nearly-imperceptible shifts between faces reveal an undeniable fact:

It’s now harder than ever to discern fact from fiction.

And that poses a serious threat to our democracy. https://t.co/LSSWYH59Bp
Immigration raids in Mississippi result in even more children separated from their families. Right on the heels of the El Paso shooting which targeted immigrants.

And now, a new rule to cut legal immigration.

Trump thinks racial politics is good politics. Let’s prove him wrong. https://t.co/L0Cwn6hOLW
My heart breaks for California Highway Patrol Officer Andre Moye and his loved ones.

A routine traffic stop ended in tragedy after an extended shootout. We thank our CHP officers who risk their lives every day to provide us with the highest level of safety, service and security. https://t.co/CatsafB5hj
The bald eagle is the proud symbol of our nation. Should it become extinct, it will be a tragic symbol of our selfishness and greed.

The Endangered Species Act helped rescue the eagle from its plight, but now that law is being weakened.

For Trump’s donors and allies. For money. https://t.co/RHLsP30uxC
Trump brings conspiracy theories from the darkest corners of the internet to the Oval Office.

Lies about Obama's birth, JFK’s death, or now, that the Clintons are responsible for murder...

Trump has lied over 12,000 times.

He’s the most dishonest president in our history.
As police violence in Hong Kong increases, so does the danger of an even more deadly crackdown on protestors.
 
Congress stands with protestors seeking freedom, even if our president is silent.
 
To Chinese authorities:
 
The world is watching. Human rights must be respected. https://t.co/K6O35oX48N
President Trump's “official statements” vs. his honest thoughts:
 
He “officially” calls for unity, but blames the media via tweet.
 
He “officially” expresses sympathy for El Paso victims, but implicitly blames and links the shootings to immigration.
 
Trump is fooling no one. https://t.co/DlzsX7Pj5Q
A contagion of cowardice inflicts the GOP in Congress.

Many express their private misgivings about the President's racist and incendiary words.

But when it comes to gun violence and the rise of white supremacist ideology—

Private misgivings aren't good enough.

We need action. https://t.co/lz0ccsJ8fv
Barr demonstrates once again that the Department of Justice has become Trump’s personal law firm.

Trump's interests are DOJ’s interests.

Trump's flawed legal arguments are now DOJ’s flawed arguments.

And the public’s interest? Or justice itself? Irrelevant. At least to Barr. https://t.co/EZf0Znu2Jv
I recently met with @fred_guttenberg, who lost his daughter Jaime in Parkland, to discuss two bills to address the gun violence epidemic:

✅Equal Access to Justice for Victims of Gun Violence Act
✅Jaime's Law

Since we met, there have been 3 mass shootings. 
 
We must act. Now. https://t.co/wmVPRnhncV
It's not the fault of the press, immigration, or video games.
 
The rise of white supremacist terror has other causes.
 
If Trump wants to end this bloodshed, he must begin by looking inward. 

Words have power, and this President’s words are inciting horror.
The ugly truth is this:

White supremacist terrorism is a real and present danger. 

When the President and other leaders use racist or dehumanizing language to describe immigrants and Muslims as invaders, angry and isolated men with guns are listening. 

And acting.
A second mass shooting in 12 hours. Add Dayton to the terrible list. 

We don’t need to live like this. We don’t need to let our fellow Americans die like this.

The House passed gun violence reforms that will help end this epidemic.

What more will it take for the Senate to act?
Shopping malls. Festivals. Movie theaters. Schools. Places of worship. Night clubs. The list is far too long.

Our heart breaks for El Paso. For every community torn apart by gun violence. For the children lost. And their parents.

The House has taken action. Senate, do your job.
There are plenty of good reasons to reexamine defense contracts. Personal animosity is not one of them.

And when tied to First Amendment issues, it’s all the more dangerous. Crony capitalism meets Trump censorship.

Mattis wouldn’t stand for it. Neither should Esper. https://t.co/v7L58GzVRJ
It began with Trump’s vilification of Muslims and immigrants.

Then he defended “fine people” at a Nazi rally.

Then he encouraged chants of “send them back.”

He demonized communities of color.

Now, he celebrates a crime against a Member of Congress.

Where does it end?
Yes, Mr. President. Mueller said it. We all believe it.

Your intelligence agencies believe it. Experts believe it.

The guy you just got off the phone with, Putin, believes it. He’s doing it.

And if you won’t do something about it, at least get out of the way. https://t.co/2RJI89UqqS
We need bold action on climate change. Now.
 
That means everyone needs to get on board to combat global warming.
 
Everyone, including the @USChamber and @ShopFloorNAM, must stand up and support a clean energy economy. #ChamberOfCarbon https://t.co/EKFXsGRF0W
“Mitch McConnell is a man who knows less about Russian influence than Donald Trump, and I know nothing.” - Donald Trump
 
But Trump knew exactly how to use Russia’s help.
 
And by blocking election security bills, McConnell knows just what he’s doing:

Inviting more meddling. https://t.co/z9mDPnTheu
The White House may have blocked Dr. Schoonover from submitting his testimony on climate change when I invited him to @HouseIntel,
 
But Trump's dangerous climate denialism won't change the facts:
 
Climate change poses a serious danger to national security that we can’t ignore. https://t.co/rz2WhijQOC
Nothing says “America first” like outsourcing nonproliferation policy to the Gulf.

Nothing says “drain the swamp” like Trump’s business partner doing the outsourcing.

All the more reason why we need to fully investigate Trump’s financial entanglements with Saudi Arabia and UAE. https://t.co/J69R6T9NUH
Gilroy, CA is the latest American community struck by the tragic epidemic of gun violence.
 
We must honor the victims by finally taking action to enact commonsense gun safety reforms.
 
Assault-style rifles have no place on our streets. Period. https://t.co/LVRHLgpICe
I want to thank Dan Coats for serving as Director of National Intelligence with such distinction.

He has been a great advocate for men and women of the Intelligence Community, and a good leader. 

Most important, he has had the independence and strength to speak truth to power.
Mueller's testimony was chilling:

The Russians never stopped their election interference. They're doing it as we speak.

Voting begins in just 8 months.

There is a real danger under this President that accepting foreign help will become the new normal. That must never happen. https://t.co/27ONb0WCiJ
Robert Mueller was clear:

Russia interfered in our election to help Trump. Trump's campaign welcomed and used this illicit help.
 
They never reported it to the FBI. Instead, they lied about it to investigators.
 
And used those lies to obstruct justice. https://t.co/EVfYRrfn8p
Thousands took to the streets today in Moscow to demand democracy.

Putin responded with arrests and violence.

It’s a reminder that there’s nothing authoritarians fear more than the people.

The United States must always stand with those seeking freedom. https://t.co/sJv3MGfIL2
Above all else, what Mueller revealed was Trump’s disturbing, dangerous &amp; undeniable disloyalty to country.

That’s worse than a crime.

It’s a violation of our obligation of citizenship. A betrayal of our core values.

Worse yet? The disloyalty continues.
https://t.co/kbzObc4RYw
.@RepCummings is the conscience of our caucus. 

When we need moral clarity, he provides it. 

When we need direction, he is our guiding light.

He’s a better man than Trump will ever be, and that’s what threatens the President.
Mueller testified Russia's attack didn’t end in 2016, and they're "doing it as we sit here."

A bipartisan Senate report found Russia targeted election systems in all 50 states.

McConnell’s response? He blocks two election security bills in the Senate.

Shameful. And dangerous. https://t.co/KXpxigTVb5
A chilling moment: Mueller said he fears that a willingness to accept foreign help could become "the new normal” in campaigns.

Already, Trump has said he’s open to it.

As 2020 approaches, we must protect our democracy from all threats, foreign and domestic. https://t.co/rrzboaJNcD
Accepting campaign help from a foreign agent is disloyal to our country, unethical, and wrong.

We cannot control what the Russians do.
 
But we can decide what we do.

We can — and must — decide that this centuries-old experiment we call America is worth cherishing. https://t.co/qxWW3oRjzR
Trump and his associates' unethical, unpatriotic conduct wasn't just a moral issue. It compromised the very safety of our democracy.

Their greed exposed them to financial exploitation. Their lies exposed them to blackmail.

As Mueller agreed: a counterintelligence nightmare. https://t.co/YWDRhEZO94
Here’s what Mueller said:

➡️ Russia interfered in our election to help Trump.

➡️ Russians made numerous contacts with the campaign.

➡️ Campaign welcomed their help.

➡️ No one reported these contacts or interference to FBI.

➡️ They lied to cover it up. https://t.co/ePAjUkfMlo
Mueller's report tells the story of Russia's sweeping and systematic attack on our democracy.

It’s the story of a Trump Campaign which embraced foreign help, made use of it, and covered it up. 

Above all, it is a story of disloyalty to country, greed, and lies. https://t.co/V3TzRhC8xb
WATCH LIVE: @HouseIntel hearing with Special Counsel Robert Mueller on his Investigation into Russian Interference in the 2016 Presidential Election.

The American people have a right to hear from Mueller directly:  https://t.co/KUMdzPMDNk
Mueller was asked, “Did you actually totally exonerate the president?"

He responded simply, “No,” and said, “The president was not exculpated.”

When asked if it was true Trump could be charged when he leaves office, Mueller responded simply, “True.”

That’s pretty clear cut.
It is outrageous that it took national press attention to get Francisco, an American born citizen, released from federal custody. His case must be investigated.

This is a poignant reminder of the importance of due process and judicial oversight of immigration enforcement. https://t.co/A46YcOxDne
It should be unacceptable that in a country as prosperous as the U.S., millions struggle to put food on the table.
 
The Trump Administration's response? Make it even harder.

After giving massive tax cuts to the wealthy, Trump is pulling the rug out from under families in need. https://t.co/x53a45I6Nd
We’re 8 months away from the first votes being cast in 2020. When it comes to election security, I’ll be honest: I don’t think we’re ready.

The government has a lot more to do. But so do tech companies.

I spoke with @KaraSwisher about how we can prepare: https://t.co/ibn8glsBhI
Russia attacked our democracy to help Trump win. Trump's campaign welcomed and used that help, and then Trump covered it up.
 
As Mueller said, this should concern every American.

On Wednesday, watch Mueller testify before the House Intel Committee:
https://t.co/PBwfDqqtFF
Why should Michael Cohen to go to jail, and "Individual 1", who coordinated the scheme, evade justice?

Trump may have a temporary reprieve while in the Oval Office, but if the evidence warrants it, Justice must consider indicting him when he leaves.

No one is above the law. https://t.co/12wQGmN644
From Trump’s comments, tweets and rallies, it’s clear the President has decided that racism is good politics. 
 
God help us if it is. I think he is dead wrong. But this is who he is, and we'll push back every time he engages in race-baiting, racist rhetoric. https://t.co/VgxfIGKmh3
The Mueller report reveals a Trump campaign eager to get help from a hostile foreign power in a close race, and systemic efforts to cover it up.
 
Mueller has the opportunity to bring his report to life. Who better to lay out the facts than the man who did the work himself? https://t.co/CK6QIGMhyb
A voter once told McCain she couldn’t trust Obama because “he’s an Arab.”

McCain took the mic and said decisively: “No, ma’am.”

When Trump’s words led to a “send her back” chant, he let it echo through the arena.

Trump’s GOP knows exactly what he represents. And they like it.
There was ample evidence to charge Trump with same campaign crimes Cohen went to prison for.
 
Were Trump not the sitting president, he would be likely be criminally charged as Cohen’s co-conspirator.

Congress must make sure that Barr has done nothing to interfere with the case. https://t.co/EVtLt3GAld
BREAKING: The House voted to #RaisetheWage for the first time in over a decade.
 
This bill will:
💸Increase minimum wage to $15 by 2026
🙌Give up to 33 million working class Americans a raise
👨‍👨‍👧‍👦Lift millions of families out of poverty
 
It’s time for a fair wage #ForThePeople. https://t.co/KkEtF1FrX8
The Trump Admin misled Congress and the courts about its efforts to add a citizenship question to the Census.
 
AG Barr and Sec. Ross refused to comply with a subpoena because it would expose their corrupt effort to undermine the Census.

I just voted to hold them in contempt. https://t.co/GjvZTmXsg7
PrEP is a life-changing drug that dramatically reduces the risk of HIV infection.
 
But due to the drug's high cost, those that would benefit most from PrEP never fill a Rx.
 
@SenKamalaHarris and I have introduced a bill to ensure PrEP is affordable and accessible to all: https://t.co/7DbwCEOouF
Instead of condemning Trump's racist tweets and statements, House Republicans are offended by... 

Democrats calling Trump's tweets and statements what they are: racist.

Once again, @GOPLeader shows there are no limits to his party’s debasement, and it’s only Tuesday. https://t.co/KRqIDJorB8
RT @SpeakerPelosi: In this House, we speak truth to power. https://t.co/obQc9WqpY1RT @In this House, we speak truth to power. https://t.co/obQc9WqpY1
I am gravely concerned about the threat of deepfakes.
 
A well-timed, convincing fake video of a candidate could hijack the 2020 election— and even change the course of history.
 
I sent letters to @Facebook, @Twitter &amp; @Google urging them to plan ahead: https://t.co/vj7GO8CLR0
There’s nothing less American than the idea that people who came here from other countries or descended from those who did, practice different faiths, or have different skin color are somehow less of a citizen.

And nothing less presidential than the bigotry that says otherwise. https://t.co/fKlcntlwQ9
All persons in the United States have certain rights under the Constitution, regardless of their immigration status.
 
Given reports of mass immigration raids this weekend, let’s make sure everyone in our community is prepared:
 
https://t.co/JMZeykYLdj
I’ve received a flood of messages from constituents about the human rights crisis unfolding at our border.

George from LA wrote that the conditions at detention centers are a “stain on our country.”

I couldn’t agree more. I wanted to take a moment to directly respond. #AskAdam https://t.co/1Z1cKXVYPr
Congress granted the gun industry unprecedented immunity in 2005.
 
I introduced a bill, along with @SenBlumenthal, to repeal this unwarranted carve-out and ensure victims of gun violence get their day in court.

Good actors don't need this immunity—and bad ones don't deserve it. https://t.co/X16x8Rp6tF
They can spin it how they want, but make no mistake: the Administration lost the census case, and today, they acknowledged defeat.

It’s a victory for a fair and accurate count in 2020, just like the Constitution requires. https://t.co/nMFsoz2mk1
Facts matter, especially when it comes to nuclear programs.
 
Under the deal, Iran is subject to extensive inspections and monitoring, and the Intelligence Community assessed they were complying, and not exceeding limits on enrichment—
 
Until you left the deal with no plan. https://t.co/DlRb9XdbeX
Acosta gave Jeffrey Epstein, serial abuser and child sex trafficker, a sweetheart plea deal.

Now the full costs of this miscarriage of justice are coming to light—and Trump "feels bad" for Acosta.

Yet again we see: In Trump's world, money talks—and women and girls don't matter. https://t.co/7FZ44erEzM
Trump is going to court today to dismantle the entire ACA. Again.

Pre-existing conditions, Medicaid expansion, staying on parent’s plans.

All. Of. It.

We’ll fight in the courts.

We’ll push to expand coverage for all Americans.

We won't let the GOP roll back all our progress. https://t.co/JKzS5H5SoG
No one:
 
The entire world:
 
Mike Pompeo: How can there be human rights we possess simply by virtue of our humanity? Are we really endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights? Let's form a commission to investigate the real crisis of our times: too many human rights. https://t.co/9BKNlKstM3
The “special relationship” we have with the British isn’t dependent on whether they say nice things about President Trump. It’s based on values and mutual interest.

This is true of our other allies as well.

And thank God for that, or we’d have few allies left. https://t.co/5rmta3nEeT
It’s no surprise Barr doesn’t welcome Mueller’s testimony:
 
Barr misled the public about Mueller’s report, and wants his own deception to stand.
 
The public has a right to hear the truth, from Mueller himself, about Trump’s misconduct and ongoing national security risks. https://t.co/aoDG7BWrcg
Were it not for the dogged investigative journalism of the @miamiherald and others, Jeffrey Epstein might never have faced consequences for decades of abuse. 
 
A free press is and always will be integral to holding power and wealth to account. https://t.co/fj453Y5NK4
This weekend, CA experienced its two strongest earthquakes in 20 years.

Let’s make sure we’re prepared for the next one. 

Every Californian should have an earthquake kit and family plan.

And we need to keep funding the ShakeAlert early warning system in Congress. https://t.co/PkwVQzNFNQ
Here’s a start:

Let’s create rules treating every person humanely. Let’s reinstate aid to Central American countries.

Let’s use cheaper, more effective ways to monitor asylum seekers, not detain them.

Trolling me won’t change a thing, Senator — but standing up to Trump will. https://t.co/SvCt2aQwN3
RT @SpeakerPelosi: A special message from @RepAdamSchiff &amp; @HouseDemocrats as Americans celebrate the birth of our democracy. #ProtectOurDe…RT @A special message from @RepAdamSchiff &amp; @HouseDemocrats as Americans celebrate the birth of our democracy. #ProtectOurDemocracy https://t.co/GtKc9QNOIy
In Washington, DC, Trump celebrated Swamp Day by:

1.) Making July 4th an ode to himself;

2.) Diverting $2.5 million in Park funds to pay for it;

3) Taking $750,000 in fireworks from a donor; and

4) Postponing tariffs on China the same day, as the donor wanted.

Happy 4th!
Happy 4th of July! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/mV1x3E3w5W
No showers. Standing room only cells. Children taking care of babies. Officers instructing migrants to drink toilet water.

Trump has no plan to fix this, and no desire to do so.

The cruelty is the point. https://t.co/e0ME5uOzDX