Remembering Congressman Elijah Cummings. https://t.co/4zltJ3e1sE
3️⃣  Everyone should take a few minutes and read the transcript of the July 25 call between Trump and the Ukrainian President - I've linked it again here if you haven't read it yet: https://t.co/4acqJrUgcu
2️⃣ Depositions were held privately to avoid coordinated testimony - the plan is to release transcripts to the public.
1️⃣ Questioning is divided equally – 1 hour for Democrats, 1 hour for Republicans
I participated in hours of depositions on the impeachment inquiry this past week. Three points:
For a few moments, suspend your political inclinations and just read these. After reading them myself I stand by my decision to support an impeachment investigation into these allegations: https://t.co/4acqJrUgcu
We have a Constitutional obligation as a Congress to protect our country. We must move on forward on a formal impeachment inquiry.
The President has acted to coerce a foreign power to undercut our country’s national security and democracy, an action declared to be an ‘urgent matter’ by the Inspector General. The Constitution and our rule of law are at stake right now.
Three days later, on August 15, Dan Coats resigns as Director of National Intelligence. (5/5)
On August 12 a whistleblower complaint was filed regarding the July 25 phone call. The Intelligence Inspector General determined the complaint to be of “urgent concern.” (4/5)
One week later, on July 25, President Trump is alleged by a whistleblower to have made an inappropriate promise to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky while discussing the Biden family. (3/5)
On July 18 President Trump’s decision to withhold $400 million in aid to the Ukraine was made public. (2/5)
It’s a bit of an understatement, but there are a lot of questions here that need answers: (1/5)
Proud to walk alongside @GretaThunberg, @Jamie_Margolin, &amp; @vict_barrett as they head from the Capitol to the Supreme Court to continue their climate change activism. #ClimateCrisis https://t.co/azKo1w7BeP
I hope your testimony today will help to galvanize us to act now before we truly are out of time. #ClimateCrisis  

@GretaThunberg

@Jamie_Margolin

@vict_barrett

@BenjiBacker
The Paris Agreement should have been reached decades ago and we should have been well on our way by now towards far more aggressive targets, giving communities and industries the time to adapt and giving you a much more hopeful outlook on your future.
I’d like to thank the witnesses for being here and also say that I’m sorry you have to be. #ClimateCrisis
And scientists are gravely concerned that sea level rise in the next hundred years could be even faster than in the last hundred years.
The IPCC Report warns us that without cuts in carbon emissions, the world could see an average sea level rise of 62 centimeters over the course of the lifetime of people born today – that is over two feet. #ClimateCrisis
Now the stakes are so much higher, and in spite of all our resources and ingenuity, the one thing we don’t have is time. #ClimateCrisis
There’s so much we could and should be doing right here in our country. We have the bright minds to engineer the solutions of the future. America has shaped revolutions in industry time and again and it has made our country better off every time.
America knows how to lead in a crisis and it’s high time we pick ourselves up and get back in this fight to bring the rest of the world with us because waiting on other countries to do the right thing is making a bad bet on your futures.  #ClimateCrisis
Change happens through leadership. We wouldn’t be in this situation right now – our witnesses would be safely and happily in school pursuing their dreams and not protesting and pushing their governments to act – if everyone was already doing their part. #ClimateCrisis
Our generation has failed to adequately address our climate crisis. This failure isn’t fatal, yet our failure to change will be. #ClimateCrisis
This is a global issue and the biggest polluters are going to need to make big changes to do their part, but we need to be honest with ourselves. #ClimateCrisis
There must be leadership in addressing climate change because we, and especially your generation, can’t afford for things not to change. #ClimateCrisis
... and a real struggle to overcome the political and bureaucratic obstacles that go with making necessary changes to how things currently are.
There have been efforts spanning generations now in my district to diversify our energy supply through offshore wind and solar power and bring new jobs, yet there are still major gaps in access for many communities...
And in spite of having some of the best scientists and researchers right there in UMass and Woods Hole, it’s an incredible challenge.
Our historic fishing and lobster industries are threatened by increasing ocean acidification and rising ocean temperatures. Our state and local governments are under immense pressure to address not only sea level rise, but air and water quality issues.
On Cape Cod, we are anticipating sea level rise of 1-2 meters by 2100 and 3-12 meters in the next few hundred years. Erosion and storm damage costs families and businesses more than they can afford, and as every storm approaches, we hope it will not cost lives as well.
I see it every time I go home. My district in southeastern Massachusetts has one of the longest coastlines in the country and includes island communities. #ClimateCrisis
...this is the reality we are facing right now because of climate change.
We are witnessing the effects of climate change daily. Whether it’s storms, forest fires, floods, and other disasters occurring with increasing intensity and frequency; increased migration due to sea level rise and resource scarcity; or threats to food and water safety...
Our panel today represents the next generation of leaders, and so naturally you are speaking for the future. However, let us be clear, you are also speaking for the present. #ClimateCrisis
Looking forward to Chairing today's hearing with @USRepKCastor as we hear testimony from @GretaThunberg @Jamie_Margolin, @vict_barrett, &amp; @BenjiBacker on the need for the US to lead on the #ClimateCrisis. Tune in live at 10am: https://t.co/Nh91YYGqP5
Thanks to @TedNesi and @TimWhiteRI for having me on @wpri12 ’s Newsmakers today - tune in on Sunday. https://t.co/jtLbygJlq0
It was beautiful weather in Eastham today for their parade - a wonderful community event to wrap up Windmill Weekend. Special thanks to Don Anderson for the ride! https://t.co/TmtLYWtkdP
It is time for the Equal Rights Amendment to be ratified – I have proudly co-sponsored legislation on this matter in prior Congresses – and it is well past time for Mitch McConnell to allow a Senate vote on The Paycheck Fairness Act which the House passed earlier this year.
We’ve moved at a much faster pace towards equality in the ensuing decades, but we are still not where we should be, and the speed at which change has come can also serve as a reminder of how quickly it can be chipped away at.
My grandmother, who I often share stories about, was one month shy of her 40th birthday when she was finally entitled to cast a vote for President.
99 years ago today the 19th Amendment was ratified and women in the United States became eligible to vote in all elections. It’s hard to believe that we are only two or three generations removed from the days before universal suffrage.
Americans deserve as much of a public, comprehensive disclosure of facts as the House is able to provide with its oversight responsibility.
Importantly, while I support the Judiciary Committee’s impeachment investigation, it must not preempt or interfere with the investigations of the five other committees pursuing these serious issues.
The issues include possible criminal fraud, money laundering, malign foreign influence, financial and tax crimes and self-enrichment in violation of the Emoluments Clause among others.
I was disappointed, however, in the narrow scope of the report and the serious issues it fails to address.
The Mueller report reveals several instances of obstruction of justice, certainly enough to move forward with an impeachment investigation. #mapoli https://t.co/Cc1msHABI6
.@RepCummings is a trusted friend and a valued colleague. There is one word for what the President is doing to him: disgusting.
RT @WCVB: 🚨PLEASE SHARE: A Tornado Warning has been posted for the area shaded in red until 7/22 10:45PM. This is a dangerous storm; seek s…RT @🚨PLEASE SHARE: A Tornado Warning has been posted for the area shaded in red until 7/22 10:45PM. This is a dangerous storm; seek shelter NOW! Have your WCVB app ready or go to https://t.co/FIucBf97TU on a portable device for more updates! https://t.co/HcDlC9BjZH
The Congresswomen being attacked are all proud American citizens, duly elected to serve by their constituents.

Here in America we don’t tell fellow citizens to “go home.” We welcome them.
This racist attack on my congressional colleagues does not serve to “Make America Great”. America has been made great by those who have come to our country and fought in our wars, cured diseases, and taught our children. https://t.co/uaVpHkgHyL
With four World Cup titles in twenty-eight years, it’s beyond time to recognize the commitment, skill, and value of our female athletes with equal pay.
Our amazing U.S. Women’s National Soccer Team is being honored today – aptly with a parade through the Canyon of Heroes. These talented athletes will continue to inspire an entire generation of girls and boys.  Special congratulations to USWNST player and Hanson’s own Sam Mewis!
It is important to move forward with legislation to fix issues at the border, but it’s also vital to keep in mind that the President could end these horrible conditions today with a simple phone call (or tweet) to the Acting Homeland Security Secretary. https://t.co/dDejhYN1NP
I have also called for no further Homeland Security appropriations to implement family separation and was proud to be part of a strong Democratic coalition to block defense funds being allocated to border wall construction.
H.R. 3239 also requires that detainees are provided with toothbrushes, toothpaste, soap, and feminine hygiene products. It’s stunning to think that we have to legislate the provision of basic needs to refugees fleeing a humanitarian crisis, but here we are.
H.R. 3239 also requires that detainees receive drinking water and three meals a day and have access to an adequate number of clean and private facilities to shower, change diapers, and go to the bathroom.
H.R. 3239 prevents the separation of minors from their parents and requires detainees to receive a medical screening to determine their needs within twelve hours of being detained.
The treatment of detained immigrants dramatically highlights the need to pass H.R. 3239, which mandates basic humanitarian standards for detainees.
Regardless of their immigration status, every human being deserves to be treated with respect and dignity, and if the Trump administration refuses to uphold that basic American value, Congress must act – and we are.
The report on conditions at the border issued yesterday is gut-wrenching. Overcrowded cells, families in cages, children separated from their parents and denied showers, warm meals, and clean clothing. Many being detained longer than the 72 hours allowed by law.
On Friday I attended the ribbon cutting of @OuterCapeHealth's new Wellfleet community health center where I was able to share the news that my amendment passed with bipartisan support. #ProtectOurCare #HealthCareWeekend
Since the start of our Congress #ForThePeople, @HouseDemocrats have been working to improve health care for all. This week I passed an amendment to provide funding for community health centers across the nation to follow the model put in place by @OuterCapeHealth. #ProtectOurCare https://t.co/Bz3BEb3E2q
The fact that none of these officials will answer these questions about #JaredKushner is telling. (11/11)
When I asked then-U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley what issues #JaredKushner was working on she didn’t have an answer – but she did say that she knew he was very involved with the trip that President Trump made to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. (10/11)
When I asked then-Secretary of State Tillerson what #JaredKushner’s role was when it comes to international relations, he told me I’d have to ask Kushner directly. (9/11)
Given all the questions that have been surrounding #JaredKushner since the beginning of this Administration, that is an answer we need and Assistant Secretary Cooper should have been transparent today and answered it.  But it’s not surprising that he didn’t. (8/11)
What we don’t know is #JaredKushner's role in this disastrous Saudi weapons deal. (7/11)
And as of reports this week, we know that #JaredKushner's opaque business dealings could be affecting his role negotiating highly sensitive deals in the Middle East. (6/11)
We know #JaredKushner has had alone, closed-door meetings with the Saudi government. (5/11)
We know #JaredKushner has a personal relationship with members of the Saudi government. (4/11)
We know #JaredKushner is in charge of the President’s Middle East Peace Plan. (3/11)
We know #JaredKushner had issues with his security clearance, (2/11)
Yesterday I asked R. Clarke Cooper, the Assistant Secretary of the Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, what #JaredKushner's role was in the President’s decision to circumvent Congress and agree to an arms deal with Saudi Arabia. He wouldn't answer. (1/11) https://t.co/lckTDpbj89
RT @jmhansler: Asked repeatedly by @USRepKeating whether Jared Kushner was involved in discussions about arms sales to the Saudis, @StateDe…RT @Asked repeatedly by @USRepKeating whether Jared Kushner was involved in discussions about arms sales to the Saudis, @StateDeptPM Asst. Sec. R. Clarke Cooper repeatedly answers: "Not in the emergency declaration."
RT @cspan: .@USRepKeating asks about crafting of memorandum of justification: "Was Jared Kushner part of that? Was he at any meeting?"

@As…RT @.@USRepKeating asks about crafting of memorandum of justification: "Was Jared Kushner part of that? Was he at any meeting?"

@Asstsecpm Clarke Cooper: "I am not going to talk about anything pre-decision…" https://t.co/EuPzMKDkPQ
Our hearts are with the Sox Slugger with the biggest heart and the entire Ortiz family today. Glad to read reports that he is expected to fully recover. https://t.co/pWwf0OLxlI
If the Senate would pass the House’s gun safety bill we could be offering action instead of condolences.
The victims of these tragedies and their families deserve more than heartfelt posts from their elected officials.
There are no words to adequately convey the sadness and anger I continue to feel over these senseless acts of gun violence.
My thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the devastating shooting in Virginia Beach tonight.
How could anyone, least of all the President of the United States, say that an attempt to cover up the name John McCain on one of our ships is "well-meaning?"  It's an affront to all members of our Armed Services and any patriotic American. https://t.co/bAmKYcq1df
Unfortunately, LGBTQ Americans still face discrimination in employment, housing, &amp; other core areas of life in more than half of the United States. I’m proud to be a co-sponsor of the #EqualityAct which has passed the House and is now off to the Senate.
Today marks the 15th Anniversary of marriage equality in Massachusetts - we should be proud of our Commonwealth’s continued leading role in the fight for equal rights for everyone. #mapoli https://t.co/WZB6twWptY
Last week, @realdonaldtrump sent a racist tweet to derail our Wampanoag bill.  This week, by an overwhelming majority, we stood up for the basic rights of not just the Mashpee Wampanoag but all Native Americans.
Trump signed an identical bill last year. So why tweet against a bill recognizing the tribe of the first Thanksgiving? Because of his well-documented alliance with the RI casino lobbyist. A weak attempt to hide corrupt influence in a racist tweet.
Today marks Holocaust Remembrance Day - a day where we remember the six million Jews and millions of others who died simply because of who they were. We must recommit ourselves to never allowing such a global tragedy to occur again by focusing on peace and understanding.
While corporations and the wealthiest are getting a good amount of money back in their pockets, the people who have given the most for this country are bearing the burden of the Trump tax cuts.
These are the unintended consequences when a major piece of legislation is drafted behind closed doors without hearings, oversight, or input from the public.  The Trump tax plan is increasing taxes – by thousands of dollars – on our Gold Star families. https://t.co/FfW3FtqxYo
As a former District Attorney, the more I digest of the Mueller Report, the harder it is to swallow: 

❌That a document with redactions on one third of its pages is transparent;

❌That there wasn’t evidence of obstruction of justice.
As a former District Attorney, the more I digest of the Mueller Report, the harder it is to swallow: 

❌That we can believe a presidential press secretary who admits under oath that she lies to the American public;
As a former District Attorney, the more I digest of the Mueller Report, the harder it is to swallow: 

❌That we have an AG who represents the public as opposed to one individual;

❌That the Russian attack on our democracy and the subsequent investigation were hoaxes;
The President’s “Game Over” tweet is wrong.  Defending our values of justice, impartiality, and rule of law is not a “game.” And our responsibility to protect these values will never be over.
As a former District Attorney I have seen the impacts of domestic violence up close. That’s why I brought the White Ribbon Pledge to Congress for the first time.
We have a fundamental responsibility as a Congress to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act and a moral responsibility to ensure that funding for it never lapses again. That’s why I am a proud co-sponsor of #VAWA19, which passed today. https://t.co/4etSL8bCmK
Providing the public with a summarized or sanitized version of the Mueller report would only compromise confidence in our democracy - the very thing this investigation is trying to protect.
The purpose of the Mueller investigation was to investigate threats and attacks to our democracy. The public should have full access to all the information in the Mueller report, absent any material that would compromise intelligence sources or methods.
This week we’re going to introduce legislation to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, and restore net neutrality. We're also going to pass H.R. 1 – the For the People Act to work to restore the American people’s faith in our government. #VAWA #NetNeutrality
Last week we passed two common-sense gun safety bills, voted to terminate the President’s emergency declaration, and we introduced legislation to restore the Voting Rights Act.
The new Democratic majority was sent to Washington with a mandate to govern – and that’s exactly what we’re doing:
.@JunckerEU declares 25% of EU budget will go to mitigate climate change. Our friends in Europe again take two steps forward while we take two back.  The US should be leading the fight against climate change, not focusing energies trying to debunk science. https://t.co/4FbTUMx4b9
Barnstable County Commissioner Ron Beaty’s hateful comments have no place in public discourse and are a disservice to the open and accepting community that so many have worked so hard to create on Cape Cod.
We also had the opportunity to join @SpeakerPelosi for a meeting with EUCOM &amp; NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe Gen. Scaparrotti. Glad to be here with my Massachusetts friend and colleague @RepLynch. https://t.co/lhGTAKXcl3
Great to meet with Canada's Minister of Foreign Affairs @cafreeland with @SpeakerPelosi and colleagues at @MunSecConf. https://t.co/aR4uCtUl4h
RT @SpeakerPelosi: Members of our delegation discussed challenges &amp; opportunities facing our NATO alliance with EUCOM &amp; NATO Supreme Allied…RT @Members of our delegation discussed challenges &amp; opportunities facing our NATO alliance with EUCOM &amp; NATO Supreme Allied Commander Gen. Scaparrotti and Ambassador Philip Reeker. https://t.co/yGUksSyakB
I am attending the Munich Security Conference as part of the congressional delegation led by @SpeakerPelosi and in my role as Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee’s Europe, Eurasia, Energy, and the Environment Subcommittee.
RT @usbotschaft: .@SpeakerPelosi, @RepEliotEngel, @RepStephenMeeks,@USRepKeating, and @GerryConnolly met with #German FM @HeikoMaas while a…RT @.@SpeakerPelosi, @RepEliotEngel, @RepStephenMeeks,@USRepKeating, and @GerryConnolly met with #German FM @HeikoMaas while at @MunSecConf. #MSC2019 https://t.co/zw1fxVpkw3
I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the #GreenNewDeal Resolution led in the House by @AOC and in the Senate by @SenMarkey. The time to act on the climate crisis is so long overdue. 
Communities like ours have seen signs of what is to come if we don’t address this emergency.
I look forward to leading important work in the House of Representatives to reaffirm our NATO membership and am confident that oversight over President Trump's impulsive decisions on this critical security issue will be vigorously pursued here in Congress.
Withdrawing from NATO would create one of the most dangerous security voids of our lifetimes serving only to empower those who would strive to weaken the United States and undermine the world order the we have spent the last half of the twentieth century building with our allies.
NATO is a cornerstone of our efforts to keep Americans safe here at home and let us not forget that NATO Article 5 has only been invoked once in its history - in the collective defense of the United States after 9/11.
The President's willingness to discard our longstanding NATO alliance without consulting Congress or our allies is disturbing. That there was discussion of this prospect alone is alarming, damages our credibility with our European allies, and leaves us less secure.
I am proud to join on as a co-sponsor of #HR8 today and stand with all survivors of gun violence whose lives might be different had we had smart gun laws already in place.
Rep. Giffords was also in Washington for the announcement of H.R. 8 – “To require a background check for every firearm sale” which was introduced by a bipartisan group of five Democrats and five Republicans.
Gabby is a hero – and it was my great honor to be able to convey that message this morning when I spoke with her outside the newly-dedicated Gabrielle Giffords-Leo J. Ryan Cloakroom at the Capitol. https://t.co/fqBfRXKZLb
In the years since that awful Saturday in January, our nation has had a front row seat to see how special Rep. Giffords truly is. Her recovery has been an inspiration, and she has been a leader in the fight for sensible gun reform.
I had only been in Congress for 5 days when @GabbyGiffords was shot while meeting with constituents. I hadn’t had the chance to get to know her yet, but I immediately learned from other Members who knew her well what a committed legislator and thoughtful colleague she is.
The reality of the #TrumpShutdown is that the DHS, TSA, and DOJ employees responsible for protecting us are working without pay because the White House is placing politics ahead of our safety.
2,170 people whose names were in the Terrorist Screening Database were encountered at U.S. airports in 2018. 2,265 people on this list purchased firearms between 2004 and 2015. #TrumpShutdown https://t.co/OJotM3v72I
The Department of Homeland Security has many responsibilities and contributing to the Terrorist Screening Database is one of them. This is the database that TSA uses for the “No-Fly List” and the database that the Department of Justice checks against gun purchases. #TrumpShutdown
On a personal note, I was excited to return to Washington this week for the first time since my successful eye surgery last month. I am very grateful for the outpouring of well wishes from constituents.
Serving the Commonwealth and our nation is one of the greatest privileges of my life and I’m looking forward to working during the 116th Congress to advance the interests important to Southeastern Bay Staters and citizens across the country.
I was proud to join the new majority in voting to re-open the government and I am also proud to support and co-sponsor HR 1. These two pieces of legislation are what the citizens of this county want. It is the message they sent in November.
Thursday was a great day for our nation - Speaker Pelosi took the gavel to preside over a new majority and the most diverse Congress in history with her grandchildren and the children of many other members by her side. I was able to grab this picture from my seat on the floor. https://t.co/sIOZ2QeQD5
Secretary of Defense Mattis’ resignation letter makes it clear his departure was a direct result of President Trump’s worldview and policy. His departure will create even more uncertainty during a time when our allies and coalition partners are questioning US leadership.
This will have broad negative consequences for our allies on the ground, as well as risk humanitarian gains in ISIS-liberated areas in Syria. This policy should immediately be re-evaluated. (2/2)
President Trump tweeted an order withdrawing all our troops deployed in Syria without senior military, diplomatic, Congressional, or Coalition input and notification. (1/2)
The @DeptVetAffairs budgeted $6.2mil for suicide prevention outreach in 2018 and only $57k had been spent by September. @USGAO says it's because of vacancies in leadership positions, meanwhile 20 vets commit suicide each day. Unacceptable on all counts. https://t.co/UB17AIKUBC
Congress has a responsibility to take action. #SandyHook
In January a part of the problem will be fixed - after six years of Republicans refusing to bring common-sense bills to the floor for debate, Democrats will take the majority and restore the democratic process by allowing debate on meaningful, sensible gun legislation.
As we take time to remember the twenty-seven victims lost at Sandy Hook Elementary six years ago today we must also acknowledge that Congress has failed to act for six years. 

This Cape Cod Times editorial is spot on: something is broken. https://t.co/z9YQvAP5ww
For all of these reasons, and because I believe climate change is one of the greatest threats we are currently facing, I enthusiastically support the ideals expressed in the #GreenNewDeal and am excited to review legislation to move this forward in the new Congress.
We see that in the hundreds of jobs that will be created building the first of its kind wind farm off the coast of our country. We see it in new solar businesses. And we see it in the research coming out of Woods Hole and SMAST.
Since that time, I have been working to combat climate change and expand the blue and green economies here in Southeastern Massachusetts making us a hub of new, clean technology.
When I was a new Member of Congress, one of my first district visits was to tour the seawalls along our towns on the South Shore.
I was unable to be in Washington for votes because I recently had surgery to correct a macular hole in my eye and am still in Bourne recovering. I look forward to returning to my regular schedule very soon and in the meantime will continue to work from home through my recovery.
In fact, when recently asked about our arms deals with Saudi Arabia and their involvement in the Khashoggi killing and the war in Yemen, I stated: “This is not an economic issue. We’re a country that is founded on ideas and ideals. We’re not a country founded on arms sales.”
Without question, I would have joined with my colleagues in the Massachusetts delegation to advance legislation on the war in Yemen had I been in DC.
A grateful nation thanks you, @GenDunford , and Massachusetts looks forward to welcoming you home.
@GenDunford has been a frequent presence in SE MA, including recent visits to Fall River for the unveiling of the Gold Star Families memorial and to Pembroke to honor Lt. Brian McPhillips USMC and PFC Matthew Bean, US Army, both Pembroke residents who made the ultimate sacrifice.
@GenDunford is currently the highest-ranking and most senior military officer in the United States Armed Forces and has served in many roles including as Commandant of the  Marine Corps.
Today’s announcement by the President that @GenDunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, is retiring marks the final chapter of the long, distinguished career of a  Quincy native.
Every day there are less and less of these service members, and that is a tragedy as they represent what is truly great about America. Their service has inspired generations of Americans to follow their lead in service to our country. We will always owe them a debt of gratitude.
As we just laid to rest President George H.W. Bush, a true hero of the Greatest Generation, let us remember all his brothers and sisters who defended our country during the attack on Pearl Harbor.
The United States would be a better place with more men and women like George H.W. Bush in government.
Born in Massachusetts, President Bush was a Navy man who dedicated his life to public service, and he was one of the most distinguished experts on foreign policy in our history. After his Presidency he was a respected and moderating voice on important issues facing our nation.
My condolences to President George W. Bush and the Bush family on the passing of President George H.W. Bush.
My thoughts and prayers remain with Sgt Emond's wife, children, and family, as well as with the families of our other two fallen heroes, Army Captain Andrew Ross and Air Force Staff Sgt Dylan Elchin. God bless them. May they Rest In Peace.
Sgt Emond was a recipient of two Purple Hearts and three Bronze stars over his twenty-one years of service in the Marines and Army, he had already given so much to his community and his country.
This week, we lost three American heroes in Afghanistan. One of these losses hits our community particularly hard - Sgt 1st Class Eric Emond was a native of Fall River, graduate of Durfee High School, and co-founder of @MAFallenHeroes - a nonprofit that helps gold star families.
The President’s tweets are focused on troops stationed at the US-Mexico border with no active role. Meanwhile Russian provocation on the Black Sea - in violation of International Law - is met with silence.

Where are this President’s priorities?
Applying for asylum is not a crime. It is time to act like an independent congress and pass comprehensive immigration reform. https://t.co/S7DxCeVno6
We all have something to be thankful for today - and appearing high on all of our lists should be the men and women stationed here at home and abroad to protect us - their sacrifice means that they won’t be with their families today so that we can be with ours. Happy Thanksgiving
There is no moral equivalency between premeditated murder and money from arms sales. There should be no currency for the sale of America’s soul. I will work to sanction Saudi Arabia and hopefully be joined by congressional colleagues.
Political leaders must end hateful rhetoric that serves no purpose other than to divide us as a country.  And Congress must act and put forth responsible and commonsense gun control measures that are designed to make us safer.
As we pray for the victims and all those affected, we also must pledge to do whatever we can as a Congress and as a nation to do end this senseless violence.
Today’s tragic mass shooting at a Pittsburg synagogue comes on heels of African-Americans being targeted by a killer in Kentucky and bombs being sent to public officials and news media.
Before going home for good ahead of the midterms House Republicans are playing dangerous political games with the Mueller investigation on behalf of Trump. https://t.co/IY10g92rFn
I’m as proud of Dr. Ford as I am disappointed with the institution of the US Senate.
As a former District Attorney who has worked with victims of sexual assault, I realize the excruciating and retraumatizing nature of sharing the type of experience Dr. Ford has disclosed. I cannot begin to understand doing that on a national stage.
Yet, for a lifetime appointment to one of our nation’s most important positions, federal investigators are not being allowed to do this. That outrage is only matched by the courage of Dr. Ford in coming forward.
I was fortunate to be able to pay my way through college working for the Post Office. For that job, federal investigators conducted a background check, even going door to door in the neighborhood I grew up in and asking residents what they knew of me.
First and foremost, Tevis and I send our condolences to the family of Arthur Medici, the victim of yesterday's shark attack. Going forward, I will be convening meetings w/the National Park Service and coordinating w/state and local officials on how best to address this issue.
L’Shana Tova to all who are celebrating today. May your new year be happy, healthy, and sweet.
On August 25, 2009, we lost the Lion of the Senate, Ted Kennedy. Today, nine years later, we lost another pillar of the United States Senate in John McCain. A grateful nation thanks him. May he Rest In Peace.
The President’s decision to punish @JohnBrennan because he doesn’t like what he says about him puts our nation at risk, plain and simple.
It has been standard practice for former CIA Directors to maintain their security clearance so that their successors can seek their guidance during times of crisis.
When you next see a first responder, please thank them. They risk their lives everyday to protect us, a fact that our communities are all too aware of.
I visited with Chief Dunne and his officers this morning and was relieved to hear from him that both injured officers are expected to recover, and one was released from the hospital last night. Thank God.
My thoughts are with the two officers shot in Falmouth last night. We can only imagine the horror that they have experienced along with their families and colleagues.
Every Member of Congress – Democrat, Republican, or Independent – who stands by silently after today is complicit.
President Trump’s actions are an immediate threat to our national security.
He has done more than just embarrass our country by not holding Putin accountable and refusing to denounce Russia for its interference in our elections.
Trump discarded evidence from our national security experts, dismissed our rule of law, and utterly failed in his responsibilities as our Commander in Chief.
It was impossible to distinguish his words from Russian propaganda.
Today, the President of the United States stood next to the person who directed an attack on our country and instead of standing tall for America, he blamed us and our past leadership for Russia’s aggression.
It was impossible to distinguish Trump’s words today from Russian propaganda.
I didn’t know Officer Chesna personally, but I had the privilege of working closely with the men and women of the Weymouth Police Department as District Attorney and they are among the best. I extend my condolences to Officer Chesna’s brothers and sisters at WPD as well.
Today’s loss of Officer Michael Chesna is another sad reminder of the risks that our public safety officers take each and every day to protect us. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends.
RT @USIP: LIVE now: @RepRooney and @USRepKeating discuss Congressional efforts to counter Russian aggression in Europe. Watch here, and twe…RT @LIVE now: @RepRooney and @USRepKeating discuss Congressional efforts to counter Russian aggression in Europe. Watch here, and tweet along with #BipartisanUSIP.  https://t.co/3gHy7Yp94i
One of the greatest joys of my life has been being a dad to two great children. To all the fathers, grandfathers, uncles, and father-like figures, Happy Father's Day.
We see the pictures of terrified children separated from their families on newspapers across the country.
 
This is not who we are - but if we don’t join together to stand up against this cruelty, it is exactly who we will become.
I’m grateful to these four statesmen who were able to look beyond President Trump’s ridiculous trade war to help the thousands of Massachusetts families who depend on the local cranberry industry. https://t.co/Tq3K4djr0W
I was happy to come to common agreement with President Macron, EU Ambassador O’Sullivan, German Ambassador Wittig, and French Ambassador Araud over the proposed retaliatory tariffs on cranberries. https://t.co/tCsYTY9vFH
Incredibly moving moment at Marshfield High School's graduation ceremony this weekend. God bless our service men and women and their families that wait for them at home. https://t.co/ZyaSWXHXFR
Today is an opportunity for quiet reflection to remember the service men and women who gave all and are buried at home and around the world, and a chance to offer gratitude for the sacrifices made for our nation by their mothers, fathers, daughters, and sons. https://t.co/yqqFe9inZf
My grandmother was a Gold Star mother, and I have always been committed to the ideal that our best opportunity to honor the memory of the fallen is by supporting the families left behind.
On Memorial Day we honor the members of the United States Armed Forces who have made the ultimate sacrifice. We must never forget that we owe our freedom to these brave women and men who served and gave all in defense of our nation.
Once again, we must ask: When will Speaker Ryan allow this Congress to do something to protect our kids and citizens so we can come together and say never again?
Once again, I continue to pledge my commitment to common-sense gun safety laws.
Once again, my prayers are with the victims, their families, and all those affected today in Santa Fe at yet another school shooting.
The Senate just voted to reinstate #NetNeutrality rules. As a cosponsor of the House version of this bill, I am urging Speaker Ryan to bring it to the floor for a vote.
Proud to stand in solidarity with the men and women of IBEW 1499 at the Philips plant in Fall River. #UnionStrong https://t.co/tFcOM01L1p
This morning I joined @SenWarren, @SenMarkey, @JonMitchellNB and members of the New Bedford fishing community to discuss offshore wind and the Sector IX closure. https://t.co/ZYi0iiVMid
My statement on POTUS's #IranDeal Announcement: https://t.co/82IBOhLYYH
My condolences to Lana's family, friends, and her @WBZnewsradio and @WBZ family, who are already having an incredibly tough month with the losses of Tony Pepper, Charlie Austin, and Gil Santos.
Lana Jones knew everyone, and everyone who knew Lana knew her to be smart, kind, thorough, and great at her job. I had the pleasure of being interviewed by her many times over the years and I can say with certainty that Boston has lost one of its best reporters.
For a man born and married on Patriots Day, Gil Santos was the consummate New Englander. He will be sorely missed.
There are plenty of New Englanders who muted the TV broadcasts in big games and high leverage moments in favor of his calls with partner Gino Cappelletti. From the Snow Bowl to Super Bowl XXXVI to his final call in January of 2012, his voice is etched into our collective memory.
For thirty-six years, Fairhaven native Gil Santos was the voice of the New England Patriots. The model of reliability - missing only one game in his years with the Pats - Santos narrated many of the Patriots moments we hold dearest. https://t.co/iNLsfBhuYD